Richmond Andoh: To for the progress.
Lion Prado: No.
Lion Prado: Is she moving?
Richmond Andoh: Oh, here we am coming.
Richmond Andoh: Hello, my son is very slow.
kofi Aseda Ayeh Bampoe: What's happening? What's happening?
kofi Aseda Ayeh Bampoe: Oh.
Lion Prado: I think.
kofi Aseda Ayeh Bampoe: Yeah.
Richmond Andoh: Same.
kofi Aseda Ayeh Bampoe: It? Yeah, this guy.
Lion Prado: Go on cheers
Lion Prado: alright! Thank you, Richmond.
Richmond Andoh: You're welcome.
Sam Edem: Yes, I am. I'm trying to share.
Sam Edem: Oh, my screen.
Sam Edem: I don't know if okay, so my powershell right.
Lion Prado: Yay, of course.
Sam Edem: Let let me know if that's what you're saying.
Sam Edem: Oh, just a moment.
Lion Prado: I don't know. I can't see this.
Sam Edem: Just a moment, please.
Lion Prado: Yeah, you can answer.
Sam Edem: Well, you can see my Powershell.
Lion Prado: Yes, please.
Sam Edem: Okay, select select that just a moment. Just a moment. I have too many tabs opened.
Sam Edem: Just a moment, please.
Sam Edem: Where is my okay.
Sam Edem: hold on. I want to stop sharing then Re, so that I would
Sam Edem: pick up the partial exactly alright. I found it right. So here we go alright. You say I'm ready.
Lion Prado: The, what interesting you switch your screen to Vs code switch.
Sam Edem: Okay, okay, so how do I do that, please? It's installed. How do I do that?
kofi Aseda Ayeh Bampoe: Okay.
Lion Prado: Kind of yes.
Sam Edem: I should do what.
Lion Prado: From usl.
Sam Edem: WSL right.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
kofi Aseda Ayeh Bampoe: Okay. Okay. Let me.
D A V E: Hi! Yawn.
Sam Edem: Administrator.
Sam Edem: So a year.
bigjesus: Bye, we don't, you know.
Sam Edem: Am I on the right?
Sam Edem: You know.
DC ABLORH: Hello, please, is Adam sharing his screen, because I'm not seeing anything right now.
Lion Prado: Now, I'm not sure he's sharing his, but if you are.
Lion Prado: I don't know if he's facing problem. If anyone have your cli installed, you can share your screen.
Sam Edem: I'm here.
Sam Edem: please. Can you see my screen.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah.
Lion Prado: Yeah, you can't.
Sam Edem: Power, show.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: You can see. You can see.
Sam Edem: Okay. So you said I should type WSL.
Sam Edem: Right?
Lion Prado: Yeah, I mean the partial.
Lion Prado: That's as an additional feature, right?
Sam Edem: Yes, this is as an administrator. Just
Sam Edem: hold on. I need to get this right.
Sam Edem: Oh.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Has he already installed wso.
Sam Edem: Yes, it's installed. So please check that.
Lion Prado: Unstop Prices.
Sam Edem: Check the top.
Sam Edem: Okay, let me let me try it. here.us
Sam Edem: so can you see the feedback?
Sam Edem: Or is there anything else? I'm supposed to add.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay. But have you? If if have you also urgent.
Lion Prado: Then you just open it on this. You close.
Lion Prado: Okay, and just open this as fast in this.
Sam Edem: And that's deeds. Right?
Sam Edem: It's already just a moment, please.
Sam Edem: Hmm, 19.
Sam Edem: Run as an administrator. Yes.
Sam Edem: okay. So my badge is open.
Sam Edem: Let me see if it's actually showing on the screen.
Lion Prado: Yeah, we can see your screen.
Lion Prado: The title? Yes, sir.
Sam Edem: Okay, do this. So okay.
Sam Edem: I should. What.
Lion Prado: Cruise all your terminals.
Sam Edem: Okay.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I tried what you are saying, actually running it on the normal partial.
Lion Prado: Yeah, I know.
Sam Edem: Okay.
Lion Prado: And booking is on the normal parcel.
Sam Edem: okay. My normal partial is open.
Lion Prado: And and let's introduce over here.
Sam Edem: Don't do this so.
Lion Prado: I'm not sure you have it.
Sam Edem: I installed this, and I shared the screen yesterday.
Lion Prado: Kind wso dash, dash, awesome.
Sam Edem: Wsl. What.
Lion Prado: That is, the observation.
Sam Edem: Dash, dash!
Sam Edem: Can can you.
Lion Prado: We were spaced before that.
Sam Edem: The what.
Lion Prado: Leave a space after the Wsl.
Sam Edem: Okay. And then.
Lion Prado: That's that's interesting.
Sam Edem: Slash! Slash!
Lion Prado: Dash, dash, dash, dash!
Lion Prado: Beautiful!
Sam Edem: Mission, then enter.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: How about you restarting this machine? Maybe.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah.
Lion Prado: I don't know what's wrong. It's not showing.
Sam Edem: I installed this yesterday, and I shared my screen.
Sam Edem: so I'm not sure what's going on.
Sam Edem: What I'm not getting right.
Sam Edem: Hmm, WSL.
Sam Edem: Understood since right now he hasn't opened it as administrator yet.
Sam Edem: Yeah, you you said I should close as.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah, we.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: He has tried that already. It's no, it's not working. He has to maybe restart his machine or something. Yeah, yeah, he has tried both.
Sam Edem: So I have to restart. I have to restart my system.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Maybe it's a it's an is just try because you you said you study yesterday. So I'm thinking, maybe yeah. So maybe try restarting. Let's see if it's still.
Kaleel: However, if you installed it yesterday, maybe you can have it in a a different show.
Sam Edem: So if the blue. If Powershell is not working, then maybe open a bus or something.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I've tried it on.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Really. Okay, hold on.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Lion Prado: OP. I think he was using gate, but normal and the background mask.
Lion Prado: What is it.
Sam Edem: What do you mean?
Kaleel: Call back, is it not, please? I just.
Sam Edem: Let me let me understand.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Command. Prompt, maybe. Try command prompt, and let's see. Command prompt. Cmd.
Lion Prado: Yeah, so 6 games.
Sam Edem: CMD, yes, yeah. Oh, okay.
Sam Edem: okay. So this should I open as an administrator.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Sam Edem: Okay.
Sam Edem: okay. And now, and the vessel was 60,
Sam Edem: for I'm not okay. Let me. Just so. What should I type here, please? The same Wsl.
Lion Prado: The same domain, as well.
Sam Edem: WSL.
Sam Edem: Windows, system 32.
Lion Prado: Begin with, no close, close everything.
Lion Prado: and try try installing it all.
Lion Prado: Administrator. If you already have it installed, it will show.
Sam Edem: Jesus. Christ.
Sam Edem: Okay.
Lion Prado: Any other window user who have it installed.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah, yeah, I have it. I have it installed.
Lion Prado: I think our time is ruined.
Sam Edem: And I run yesterday.
Lion Prado: Then try installing Wsl, then Space Icon.
Sam Edem: So I don't know if you could drop exactly what you want me to put in in the chat box.
Lion Prado: I'm typing.
Sam Edem: Okay.
Lion Prado: Thanks.
Sam Edem: So let's going.
AMO: Sorry are we all expected to.
AMO: great hurry.
Lion Prado: Guys, what do you think the problem should be with your machine?
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Thinking you should try restarting.
Lion Prado: Yeah, I think it's true.
Lion Prado: It's no one.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Daisano.
Sam Edem: So, please. I didn't get that.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: That's that's.
Lion Prado: It is dash, dash, install! Not just one dash. It's a double dash.
Sam Edem: Okay, W.
Sam Edem: SO, dash, dash, install.
Lion Prado: No, you leave a space before that.
Sam Edem: I use the word.
Lion Prado: You leave a space before the dash, dash.
Sam Edem: Full key.
Sam Edem: It's still hope you are. So dash, dash, install. Oh.
Sam Edem: okay.
Sam Edem: Looks like something's loading.
Lion Prado: Nothing happened.
Lion Prado: Probably to be just you. You can have it, and probably your system is just failing to call it based on the canal. It has gone to high.
Lion Prado: so you can restart your machine like someone.
Sam Edem: Resolve this because I really need to put on to participate in.
Sam Edem: Oh, God, okay, alright. So let me stop sharing my screen. So some.
Lion Prado: Yeah, so and restart your machine.
Sam Edem: No problem. Thank you.
Lion Prado: I'll confirm, Lawrence. You can wire.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I have sent a request. So
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: okay, so I think, can you see my screen now?
Lion Prado: Yeah, you can see.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Alright, alright! So okay, let me let me close this
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: alright. So you said we should create a a package right.
Lion Prado: Yeah, so don't organize your code.
Lion Prado: Resume.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay, so.
Lion Prado: Use con is control plus just use.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I was, okay. Control price. Okay.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: it's not working on a parcel. So let me use.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay? Oh, let me increase it further.
Lion Prado: Oh, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Lion Prado: so create create a directory and name it discount.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay. Boots. Come.
Lion Prado: Then that's good. That's so. Anytime you want to run it on vs, with open.
Lion Prado: Yeah?
Lion Prado: Oh, I feel, I say, and and open your Wsl. And run it and open your
Lion Prado: and always booking your Vs code on top of the Wsl.
Lion Prado: Once you do that you can, you'll be able to run
Lion Prado: your call speed from the terminal value.
Lion Prado: So so he has good.
Lion Prado: The Vsr. Will go with a ui of Vs code on on top of it.
Lion Prado: So this particular year is good.
Lion Prado: That you are seeing right now is different from the normal vs, open from your machine.
Lion Prado: But this Vs code is being opened on top of Wsl.
Lion Prado: so it then actually the demo I just wanted to do. Now, if you're on windows, and anytime you want to
Lion Prado: and run, or they move, always open it on top of wso
Lion Prado: by creating a folder after you go into the folder, then use the code. If you don't have the Vs code installed in on top of
Lion Prado: it will automatically install it for me before you. Actually, this was the demo I wanted to hope I'm clear right.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah, yeah, yes, sir.
Lion Prado: Alright. Thank you, Samuel.
Lion Prado: Okay, then, Kyle, you can go on with your question.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay?
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yourself.
ITPenkrah: I have Vs code installed right on the Whatsapp group. I saw that someone posted that you're supposed to
ITPenkrah: install visual studio installer?
ITPenkrah: Is it the same thing.
Lion Prado: I don't know me. Easiest food I use. I never made mention of any other. This one easiest.
ITPenkrah: Q.
Sam Edem: So if I don't have Vs code installed, it means I can't run it.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah, you can use eclipse, cool.
Lion Prado: Yeah, I think the best, but the the best is to use Esp.
Lion Prado: If you don't have Vs code installed, you can't write. Your code Vs code is the Id
Lion Prado: where you write your movie, yeah, term line is just.
Lion Prado: But here's good is the Id.
Sam Edem: So please drop the link for download.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Downloading Vs code.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay. What windows are you on windows?
Lion Prado: Yeah, he's on English.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I think you can go to this site. Let me win this.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Where do you select?
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: You can download for windows. So let me.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: We copy this.
Sam Edem: Oh!
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Oh, then wait.
Sam Edem: Give me a moment. Give me a moment happening in class.
Lion Prado: 6, 6.
Sam Edem: Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you, sir, I'm saying, drop the link.
AMO: Ask the question.
Lion Prado: Drop, drop the link in the zoom, chat in the zoom, chat.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: The zoom chat as well. Okay.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: See?
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Cool.
Sam Edem: Okay, well, I'm trying to restart my system.
Sam Edem: Okay, let's see.
Lion Prado: Alright so let let me continue with what we have today. So, Lawrence, thank you very much.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: You're welcome.
Lion Prado: So like I mentioned earlier today, I'm going to focus on something that
Lion Prado: you will use. We will meet everywhere
Lion Prado: what you're going to do today. You meet everywhere
Lion Prado: in any programming languages. You think they're going to make it
Lion Prado: hope. You guys see my screen.
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: Yes, we can.
Lion Prado: Telling me if I sound tired
Lion Prado: recording in progress progress.
Lion Prado: It's okay.
LION PRADO: We are going to focus on it.
Lion Prado: This is a whole
Lion Prado: which is about focusing on programming
Lion Prado: and data types and other stuff.
Lion Prado: So I'll focus on the fundamental programming concepts more
Lion Prado: that beginners, you understand. So you do. You go about with some clear code examples?
Lion Prado: Yeah. So I'm going to create a new new package for that
Lion Prado: alright. I think I did this in, and I didn't write anything, so let me use it.
Lion Prado: So yes, and we are going to start.
Lion Prado: And for building block, which is a drivers in data types. So any programming language or any application that we are seeing.
Lion Prado: The core building blocks which is which are involving them is variables in the data type.
Lion Prado: So if you say variables what are variables so virus.
Lion Prado: let us assign, or let us for stuff into a container
Lion Prado: united items.
Lion Prado: Let me see this a container.
Lion Prado: So we will. And and this Spontina.
Lion Prado: it's a it's a variable that will allow us to store something inside.
Lion Prado: So we inside this container, let me see. Container. This container is here.
Lion Prado: Difficulty right? And inside the I'm sorry one.
Lion Prado: Hi Kyle, container D, and inside Container B, I'm storing a name called
Lion Prado: a limb called poofy like that.
Lion Prado: And I'm called.
Lion Prado: basically, that's what the variable is.
Lion Prado: So they we remove. We declare variable using the let's keyword. So if I want to declare variable, I start it.
Lion Prado: Let's let me see.
Lion Prado: Let's you, too. Yeah.
Lion Prado: Then, after that
Lion Prado: I I state the integer so like we have seen over here. So I've declared an integer of an unsigned integer of uses before so anytime we declare an integer we are supposed to.
Lion Prado: It's state, it's data type or something. So I'm trying to. So once I've deployed this new feature.
Lion Prado: this uses the voice meeting. So
Lion Prado: yeah, move compiler. That is an integer. It's not necessary to bring integer over here. So let's so let me see, let's
Lion Prado: number so number uses the voice equal to 0, meaning, I am storing 0 inside a number. So anytime I call number number is going to output 0 to me. So that's how we flavorable
Lion Prado: and the type of location like I mentioned anytime, we we declare
Lion Prado: this is the type and location of it. So this, what is going to tell
Lion Prado: the move compiler that the type of variable you are trying to deploy. So we have
Lion Prado: guys like, we have the integer yeah screen.
Lion Prado: We have the moon, we have address, we have vector
Lion Prado: yeah, so these are some of the common types that will be coming across inside. So anytime, you are declaring. But integers, you don't write integer. The type of notation for integer is
Lion Prado: yeah, you.
Lion Prado: it's using. Hope you can see my screen. Yeah, we have the U. 64 U. 16, u, 2, 5, 6, u, 32.
Lion Prado: And then you if, hey you are seeing this because I have this extension installed, which is called.
Lion Prado: But I that's the next initiative is for M. Trees, Mbaga.
Lion Prado: and they move since. And there's 1 called
Lion Prado: Move Steam of Analyzer. And this particular one sea move. Analyzer, this will help you to debug your food easily.
Lion Prado: It is how to declare bubbles move.
Lion Prado: And also, when we declare a variable default. Yeah, usable by default, meaning once this variable that declared over here later in my code I cannot go, and
Lion Prado: the time I could.
Lion Prado: I cannot come and declare a number again, and say, Let's now.
Lion Prado: and I'll assign a new number as 6 later in my code, if I try to declare something like this is going to show an error, because by default, this thing I've declared over here is mutable meaning. I cannot change if I want to change this, and probably some part somewhere in the code. When I'm declaring this variable, I'm supposed to add
Lion Prado: news to it once I add news to it, meaning later in the code. If I I do this.
Lion Prado: it's it's going to be acceptable by the moment. I don't add this usable keyword. It's not acceptable.
Lion Prado: Let let me declare some more types. Let's number 2 super awesome, you 32.
Lion Prado: And also we have millions. So millions represents 2 or 4 or one or 2. So probably let's say you're writing an application, and the application you are writing requires 2 or 4 something, so let me say.
Lion Prado: and private and not private, you can assign Boolean value to something like that. So let me say you are writing application. You try something to be private, and something should be public. So with that you can assign a Boolean value to let, I would say, Let's Boolean.
Lion Prado: So let's ribings.
Lion Prado: Let's private, which is a moon is equal to is equal to 3.
Lion Prado: You get it and let public probably next.
Lion Prado: Oh, Blake, this is a rule it's equal to false.
Lion Prado: So this is how we can make use of wood in our code. The wool is just to declare you or force of a value.
Lion Prado: And also we have the address type. And how do we declare? Address this? How we, we declare, address?
Lion Prado: No, so we always use a let's us.
Lion Prado: You always use the late keyword to address. So let's
Lion Prado: to let address.
Lion Prado: And he states they type annotation.
Lion Prado: release the type of notation which is addressed. Release type annotation is what tells the compiler. That is the particular data type that trying to display.
Lion Prado: Right? You see, in other languages they are silent in Python. You can just go ahead, and you can just declare number
Lion Prado: next name, because we'll see.
Lion Prado: and probably to work by move. It's not going to. We have to see that the name is what
Lion Prado: this spring.
Lion Prado: So that's the difference. So we always keep their type and location.
Lion Prado: And also the next thing you are going to to clear.
Lion Prado: but at least sometimes sometimes for for some phone numbers like
Lion Prado: this number. Sometimes the compiler er can do that. Oh, if you skip this.
Lion Prado: the compiler is going to assume this as a Boolean, and let me say, probably you are. You are assuming it as as a string. The compiler is going to assume this.
Lion Prado: Yes, and same applies to this. Let me see
Lion Prado: you skip this, and probably you are storing this. You want to store 0. The compiler is automatically going to see this
Lion Prado: assign it to. Yeah.
Lion Prado: Hope I'm clear on this.
DC ABLORH: Yes, you are.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah.
Benefit girl: Oh!
Lion Prado: Are you asking a question.
Benefit girl: Hello! Hi! I'm.
Lion Prado: Yeah, I can't hear you
Lion Prado: kindly.
jammi: A la lion Prade.
Lion Prado: Are you benefits? Are you asking a question.
Benefit girl: Okay? Oh, yeah, where you declared. You just suggest something. Now that in move.
Benefit girl: if you want to declare a variable, you have to like stage the type do you get
Benefit girl: but this one? Now? You said you cancelled the type from you. I think it was you 64 that you said for so like you said, that is an unsigned in.
Benefit girl: So now.
Benefit girl: if you show how we declare in Python, and how I compare, but for this, let number equals 0. Is it still right to declare it like this? Because you said it's still going to recognize it as an integer.
Lion Prado: No, and I may something. Yeah, I give a question. And I was like, probably
Lion Prado: trying to do something like this.
Lion Prado: But if you in your head. You are trying to install 0 as a string. You get something.
Lion Prado: the attendees and store it as a screen.
Lion Prado: and probably you forget to state the type of location that is a string, and it just declared this way automatically. The compiler is going to see it as a as a number as an integer.
Lion Prado: You get it.
Benefit girl: So, even assuming you want to declare that a string, you know, string is like sequence of characters.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Benefit girl: Right.
Benefit girl: So if you want to declare it as a string.
Benefit girl: did you compile a seat like this as a string because you didn't have any treat.
Lion Prado: So that the that's the reason why it's so easy to get identified.
Lion Prado: probably in your in your head if you
Lion Prado: and don't do it the 1st week
Lion Prado: I was just pressing on the number. That's how the compiler is going to see, but it is always better to add a
Lion Prado: type annotation to me.
Benefit girl: Okay, I get it now, thank you.
Lion Prado: Oh, and to provide reassignment. So let me see.
Lion Prado: I have this variable now. So because I've added this over here somewhere in the code. I can reassign number to a different number. So over here, number is A, You
Lion Prado: U 8 integer unsigned integer. And I'm I'm storing. I'm using number to store 5, meaning anywhere I call
Lion Prado: right.
Lion Prado: But because I've added users over here meaning I can reassign a different
Lion Prado: variable cigarettes, so I can just in my foot. Just go on and see.
Lion Prado: Now, because you think this this is going to work because the compiler
Lion Prado: we reach this line before here because there's multiple value. The compiler will now know that. Okay, he's trying to change the number online, 25
Lion Prado: to 10 now, so these are the you know that you reassign a value to a variable later. You're supposed to add a mutable keyword to it.
DC ABLORH: Yeah, no, I have a question. Can you hear me?
Lion Prado: Hi! Can you.
DC ABLORH: Okay? So I believe, the U inches on sign integer, that will be for posted numbers. Am I right?
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah, it's only positive numbers, no negative numbers.
DC ABLORH: Okay, so how do you use to store negative numbers?
Lion Prado: I would say, it's not possible. We don't store any numbers.
Lion Prado: If you even run, test your code. And there's a negative code, your code will break.
DC ABLORH: Oh, okay.
Lion Prado: Let me say it to you. So I will put you.
Lion Prado: We see this subtract and subtract subtracting A and B, right?
Lion Prado: So I'm going to input a code that's going to give us a negative number and test it. To see the code will break.
Lion Prado: The name of the function is subtract increase.
Lion Prado: So I'll come over here captured entries.
Lion Prado: I'm going to make B bigger than A, I'm going to make B.
Lion Prado: Whoa and civics.
Lion Prado: that's add you'll see the app.
Lion Prado: Then it's 3.
Lion Prado: Oh, yes, they see the good as a booking, right? You can see.
Lion Prado: So it doesn't.
DC ABLORH: There's a little tab arrow.
DC ABLORH: Okay.
Lion Prado: Hello!
Lion Prado: By the moment I make this number list, then I've made it one, and I run the hood.
Lion Prado: Iran is good
Lion Prado: still, webinar.
Lion Prado: They see it as right now.
Lion Prado: Yeah, this was perfectly, yeah.
Lion Prado: Go back and move on.
DC ABLORH: Yes. Please. Yeah.
Lion Prado: All right.
DC ABLORH: Yes, sir.
Lion Prado: Yes, and what I did was variable and declaration. And what variable is a container for storing and stuff. So anytime you're declaring a variable. You always start with a let, and the name of the variable and the variable annotation and the value are assigning to the to the variable. So that's how it works. And anytime you want to deploy a variable that you know. Later in your code you reassign something you always have to add a mutable.
Lion Prado: So now I'm moving
Lion Prado: to some basic and control flow in in the move language. So I'm going to create some arithmetic integration. So we are going to create a
Lion Prado: let's display some variables.
Lion Prado: Let's go down.
DC ABLORH: Hello!
Sophylon: Yeah.
DC ABLORH: Yeah, please, do. You did not talk about the vector, ux.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Sophylon: Events. Are you using.
Lion Prado: And it's also used for strings. So you don't have strings move beyond Philippines.
Lion Prado: like how on a program language, you can just requesting we don't have strings, you have to import things and probably pass we pass through. And also sometimes we use a very
Lion Prado: bye.
DC ABLORH: Oh, okay.
Lion Prado: So how how is we use Iris?
Lion Prado: Another program language, that's all for examines.
DC ABLORH: Okay.
Sophylon: That we can.
Benefit girl: So. Hello! Sorry I have a question.
Sophylon: Okay, can you.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah. I'm listening.
Benefit girl: Okay. So the way we declared we are assigned.
Benefit girl: Sorry, the hey? I'll try to see this. So you know, let's mute number. We know, this is an integer already. So what we want to describe a string in
Benefit girl: we've replaced U 8 with vector
Benefit girl: you is right, then we assign maybe like
Benefit girl: a name. Maybe, let's say, once declare a name, a name is a string, so let's declare a name and everything, and we assign. So instead of the U 8, we are going to use vector, v, vector, u, 8,
Benefit girl: to declare it. You get it.
Lion Prado: Hope you are explaining to the person right.
Benefit girl: No.
Lion Prado: I'm trying to think.
Lion Prado: Ask me a question.
Sophylon: Oops!
Benefit girl: Okay.
Benefit girl: I want you to like, go back to the code that the place that you declared the variable. I want to figure out something.
Benefit girl: Okay? Yeah.
Benefit girl: The the place you said variable reassignment. Okay, let's say you want like, declare a string.
YounG Eli: One day, street.
Benefit girl: We are going to replace. So we're not going to use drink. We are going to where where you it was used to declare the.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
YounG Eli: Thoughts.
Lion Prado: And they start using.
YounG Eli: Yes.
Lion Prado: But before, and this is because, you see,
YounG Eli: Oh, yeah, someone is.
Lion Prado: The person you can.
YounG Eli: Hey? Please meet our young girl.
Chemist: Oh!
Sophylon: Good night.
Lion Prado: Yeah, I think it is is.
Lion Prado: Yeah. Please do your answer. Please ask your questions.
Lion Prado: How did that person.
Godfred Addai Amoako: Oh, okay, okay.
Godfred Addai Amoako: lion. I just wanted to highlight on the string part. Right? I don't know much about the move language, but I'm coming from a rust background.
Godfred Addai Amoako: right? So I think that the reason why they moved language is not having the string data sets that probably is to make it fast is because on the computational background, like after it's been done in binary, especially in rust and other ones, and prints and messages become very, very expensive. So even in Solana.
Godfred Addai Amoako: even if they have to use string, they change it to use a data set called message, of which they
Godfred Addai Amoako: do that through vects. So I think that's why it makes 3 very, very fast to avoid the string and conditional charges they have to use. Probably vectors.
Lion Prado: To a you see this code. So anytime you want to use them.
Lion Prado: The importance from the Standard Library Book you are seeing this line right.
Ralph Mensah: Hello!
Lion Prado: Yeah. Hello.
Ralph Mensah: Hey! My heart is in.
Lion Prado: Oh, yeah. I told you I mentioned earlier.
Ralph Mensah: Oh, okay, I didn't hear. So my question is, do. Do we always have to assign assign when you are initializing a variable.
Lion Prado: That's the type annotation, right?
Ralph Mensah: Yeah, like, when.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah.
Ralph Mensah: Signing, not a type. But then, when you are assigning, I see you always assign to maybe 0 like a number to 0. Right. Can you do one without having like 0 day without assigning anything to it, and then probably use the mutable to change it later on?
Lion Prado: Yeah, exactly. You can't do that.
Lion Prado: Yes, we can do that.
Sophylon: Yeah.
Lion Prado: So I've not got into space, but because you are asking questions. I want to show how this is.
DavidXM : So yes.
Lion Prado: Anytime. You want to use things. You have to import this from the Standard Library.
Lion Prado: So when you deploy your stack, you can pass it over a screen over here to work by the moment you are trying to create. This data type over here. What you've done is we just created a custom data type. By the moment we want to.
Sophylon: People.
Lion Prado: And make it a little less.
Lion Prado: Let's this, let's this charity registered before to this.
Lion Prado: And when we get to you, we can pass vector. U 8.
Benefit girl: Yes.
Lion Prado: You use to buy.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: Yeah, so that's how it's.
Benefit girl: Alright. Thank you.
Lion Prado: Oh, come.
Lion Prado: So I wanted to ask to do something on the the arithmetic equation.
Lion Prado: So we have a the sound, and we have
Lion Prado: a difference. We have the products, the cushions, and the remainder
Lion Prado: negative doesn't work. So what we have seen over years
Lion Prado: and the difference between the numbers. But at least anytime you are finding the difference between 2 2 variables.
Lion Prado: Anytime. You're finding the difference between small and best. You see over here, I'm just making it straight forward. But let's say, in your code we have, you have, and let's.
Sophylon: Thank you.
Lion Prado: Let's number one.
Sophylon: Is, this is the point, because, like.
Lion Prado: Then I'm trying.
Sophylon: Oh!
Lion Prado: You take it too right?
Lion Prado: You cannot come in and do something like that, that you are storing results.
Sophylon: Actually.
Lion Prado: And result is is supposed to be number one, plus number 2. Why, why do you think it's not going to anyone.
AMO: Fair enough.
Lion Prado: Why you think it's not going to work.
Ralph Mensah: Wouldn't be the different data types.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I'll be good.
jammi: Maybe because of different.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: The the difference is.
Lion Prado: Yeah, exactly, because of the difference.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: Of the on site the size of the.
Lion Prado: If you try to do something like this, the compiler is going to throw an error.
Lion Prado: so I can't do a clear move from here.
Lion Prado: So you see over here, and I'm retaining uses for right.
Lion Prado: Let me try retaining you 32,
Lion Prado: and you see? It's already through. Train an error invalid return, and
Lion Prado: because the green values are using before, use it before.
Lion Prado: and it does so, meaning you are supposed to go and change this to you 32 before the
Lion Prado: retain is going to work. Hope you understand what
Lion Prado: you always have to make sure that it's of the same type of the unsigned. The moment you you make a difference between them, your code is going to crack.
Sophylon: Standpoint.
Sophylon: Yeah.
Sophylon: let's see.
Lion Prado: And now, when it comes to comparison operators, you know.
Lion Prado: So these are the arithmetic operations to arrange message greetings.
Lion Prado: What we've done. So this, for addition is for difference.
Lion Prado: The asterisk over here is for product, which is the multiplication and the the this one is for the slash over here is proportion
Lion Prado: and mode. If you do, 10 module 3 is going to retain. One is always going to retain the remainder of the application. So if I do? 10 module, 3, 3 goes into 10. That means I'm 3 times remainder one. So the compiler is going to retain one to you as the answer. So that's how Modu works. And this is basically to the power theory, which is X.
Lion Prado: For now let's go on. And
Lion Prado: what we call comparison of pretest
Lion Prado: like rising over here we have
Lion Prado: when we are trying to check whether 2 numbers are equal.
Lion Prado: So in your code you have good. You are checking whether Num. One, and num. 2 is, are equal, so if Num, one and Num 2 is equal, the moon is going to return to us.
Lion Prado: and if number one is not equal to number 2.
Lion Prado: The moon is going to return. True, but if number one is equal to Lam 2, the moon is going to return first, st same as if number one is greater than lam. 2. The moon is going to return. True, but if Num one is less than 2, the moon is going to return first.st So basically, this is how comprising operation works is always return true or false, based on the statement. So we also have greater than equal to, and less than or equal to 2. We also have that
Lion Prado: as a comprising operation.
Lion Prado: When I am going to focus on logical operators, logical or breakfast.
Lion Prado: I didn't know why they and
Lion Prado: the Id is smarter, is it actually my next move?
Lion Prado: So if you talk about logical operation and anyone who have done. And
Lion Prado: if you understand a lot, and if you've done zeros and ones, or probably
Lion Prado: how how do we call it in mass, that that mask cause.
Lion Prado: Yeah, tree stable, yay, one and one is going to retain 1 1 right
Lion Prado: one and 0 is going to return 0.
Lion Prado: It is going to be true.
Lion Prado: Exactly. See.
Lion Prado: it's always going to be true when we values. That's when I'm doing the end operation. The end operation is always true.
Lion Prado: So this is the end. The 1st one is the end operation.
Lion Prado: So the I'll increasing operator ease always through.
Lion Prado: Oh, if both values are true.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Lion Prado: So if you start to the endocrator, you can see we can see bye
Lion Prado: it's going to be 10 force if
Lion Prado: if one of them is is forced. So let me see if I'm doing
Lion Prado: 2 and through through and force
Lion Prado: it's going to retain force for me.
Lion Prado: But, true or false, you need to retain to at least they all operator to list is all this.
Lion Prado: Now we are saying this, or so, true or false, true or false, is always going to return true
Lion Prado: and not through zoom.
Lion Prado: We need to retain the negation of the North Sea, and the negation of North Sea is what is false.
Lion Prado: at least the excel Brita.
Lion Prado: So now let's go to the if all statements.
Lion Prado: Yeah. So if all is that one of the most important stuff in system, most of the system that we are seeing are a lot of. If if those staffs and being
Lion Prado: let me use an example like a traffic light which uses a timer, so if the time is between this and this probably go to green after some time, move to red after some time, move to yellow. After some time, move to
Lion Prado: green. So that's what it basically just checking time. So that's what if all you're going to do so if number if Number one is greater than number 2. Probably you're telling the compiler that. Oh.
Lion Prado: and yeah, the user, that number one is better. If number one is less than 3.
Lion Prado: Tell the user. That number 2 is better, else the yeah user.
Lion Prado: Both are equal. So exactly. That's how, if else can work, probably I'll pass a number, which is, I'll pass. Number one is 4,
Lion Prado: and number 2 is 3. So the moment I pass this the compiler is going to do an if else check. So if here is 4, and here is 3, meaning, if 4 is greater than 3, so if 4 is greater than 3, meaning, this particular block of code is going to work for me. That's if 4 is greater than 3. This code is going to work. But if 4, if the number here is lesser than the number. Here. I am going to get this block of
Lion Prado: this particular block of 3, but if the enamel here is 4 and the normal year is 4. I'm going to get this block of hope. I'm I'm clear.
Lion Prado: Hope I'm clear by you.
jammi: Yes.
Sophylon: At me.
Lion Prado: Am I breaking? Someone is saying. I am breaking.
Blcvk_man: No, you are not.
Benefit girl: Yeah.
Lion Prado: Now, please, if you have a question, and don't send it to my Vm.
Sophylon: Yes.
Lion Prado: Send it to the chat mode so that I can read it.
Sophylon: Yeah.
Lion Prado: Everyone can meet, you know, people
Lion Prado: so just type it to my instead of sending it to my.
Sophylon: Alright.
Sophylon: Okay.
Lion Prado: So now we'll go to Wallops.
Lion Prado: So if you talk about what what looks, and basically let me use a game like this game, that's some way that we always play
Lion Prado: is subway is in a forever loop.
Lion Prado: Something like that code will keep running to that. So like we are seeing this beautiful
Lion Prado: is mutable over here because I is mutable over here you can keep running different values of I
Lion Prado: YI should be 0. So what you are saying is like, if I is less than 13 something
Lion Prado: so, because if I always always less than 10.
Sophylon: Okay.
Lion Prado: The code is going to keep running, sir, so I and
Lion Prado: and the code will keep running. Once I is less than 10. This code is always going to run. It's going to run from 123-45-6789,
Lion Prado: 10. So when it runs 10, and it sees that 10 is not less than 10, then it will break.
Lion Prado: So that's how basically, how a world works. What you're saying is like when I is less than 10. So if you press, run
Lion Prado: the 1st one I, which is 0, 0 is less than 10, it will come. Retain 0 by here, and it becomes 0 plus one.
Lion Prado: It's kind of 0 plus one.
Lion Prado: Then 0 plus one is now one. Then the code will come back over here, and this one is less than 10, because one is less than 10. It will come over here. Now I is one, then I become one plus one.
Lion Prado: Then if you come around, one plus one is coming around again because the code will come back and come around 3 plus one. It's not going to get there.
Sophylon: What if you keep running to get some.
Lion Prado: You see, if you keep running it, you get 10 plus one.
Lion Prado: You're gonna when it gets to 10 plus one.
Lion Prado: Yep is going to stop. It is going to stop at 9, plus one
Lion Prado: to stop over here. 9 plus one is 10. Then it means 10 over here, and because 10 is not is not less than 10. They could break over here. So hope you understand how I look.
Benefit girl: Sleepway with, as a way it is not plus one.
Sophylon: Okay.
Benefit girl: Let's say it is plus 2, and when you get to, you know when it gets to. Sorry. No, let's say it is plus 3.
Benefit girl: So maybe we say one plus 3. Then maybe when you get to 6 plus 3 9, you know, it doesn't attend to the.
Sophylon: But.
Benefit girl: Non bias. So when we do 9 plus 3 again, it's thank you.
Benefit girl: See the loop and move to 11. So we did loop stop. We didn't give infinite loop like that, or it's just
Benefit girl: thought but that and.
Lion Prado: Yay is too late.
Lion Prado: Because if you get to 9, 9 plus 3 is 4
Lion Prado: and small, it's not less than 10 right?
Lion Prado: Computer right at.
Lion Prado: Can you get it?
Benefit girl: Okay. So to stop at 9, it will exceed the loop.
Lion Prado: Let's do that. This was his fantasy.
Lion Prado: Instead of doing, I plus only I plus 3. So I is going to start from 0. Then you need to check 0 less than 10. So if there, because there is less than 10 and 0 will come over and it becomes 0 plus 3. So you are going to get
Lion Prado: 0.
Sophylon: Plus.
Lion Prado: Where the whole black black hair rise.
Lion Prado: 0 plus 3 will come away, and 0 plus 3. We see that 3 is less than 10, because 3 is less than 10.
Lion Prado: The next in this meeting, 2, 8, 3, very plaster.
Lion Prado: You guys will be 3 plus
Lion Prado: and 3, plus 3 is 6, 6, we come over 6 is less than 10, plus 6 is less than 16. We come, and running fully.
Sophylon: In the past. Yes.
Lion Prado: Last day
Lion Prado: is 9, and because 9 is less than 10 the code will come back to come and run, run again at 9 9 plus 3. So when they could run from 9 plus 3, the code is going to the 9, plus 3
Lion Prado: greater than 10, and it's not less than 10, because 9 plus 3 is greater than 10. The code will abort at this stage, it will not continue. And it's just going to keep this value, which is 9, it's clear to you now.
Lion Prado: Okay.
Benefit girl: Yeah, it did the same thing for other loops, including for loop and everything. That's the same thing for them, too.
Lion Prado: Room for look. Is that a condition.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: So let's say for that we have a follow- follow this in in 0 to 10. Do something. So let me see if I'm running a loop, and for one, and for this for I in 0 to 10,
Lion Prado: do I plus one. So for for loop, if I'm if it was, for I'm doing. It's also going to run. But for for look you run for look when you know, like the type of condition you want to meet. Do you understand it? Probably I know that I want to run my code to this photograph. It's like, you know what you want to achieve. That's in for loop, because I'm trying to say.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: But in one look you don't know the condition you want to achieve. So it keeps running until that.
Benefit girl: All right.
Benefit girl: You get.
Lion Prado: We are going to move to finances.
AMO: So.
Lion Prado: And
Lion Prado: I can't.
AMO: Absolutely.
Lion Prado: Yeah, you will.
AMO: I said. What if I'm using number from you? From probably 31 to 40, are we? Are we going to use the same method.
Lion Prado: Yeah, it's the same method for everything. This is just a a scenario.
Lion Prado: and it's not always going to be.
AMO: The framework.
Lion Prado: Therefore, yeah, okay, thank you.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
AMO: Can you hear me?
AMO: Yeah, you can please. You can go with your question.
AMO: It's so cool, cool.
Lion Prado: No, go, go on with your question. If you can hear me, go on with your question.
AMO: Yeah, I asked the question that if probably I'm using the 4 in the
AMO: like this, follow up and I'm trying to use maybe number ranging from 31 to 40. Am I going to use? This same method you use here? I just need to do 31, and I add 2 period, and I mean the dots and the.
Lion Prado: I mean, right?
Lion Prado: Okay, I get it. I get it.
Lion Prado: We don't use.
Lion Prado: We don't use docs and docs is not our how to run run a full.
Lion Prado: we get it, and we also have breaks and continue. So some of the stuff.
AMO: There are 2 dots between.
Lion Prado: Are you talking about it for loop?
Lion Prado: Hello! Can you type your question in the chat chat box?
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah, I think I think he was talking about the follow.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Oh.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Lion Prado: is it like he wants an example code, or what? I don't understand what he's trying to say.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: If I go. Team is like.
Lion Prado: Z out.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: I think we can.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: He's muted.
Lion Prado: Is he on mute himself.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay, you have spaced it in a group in the chat.
Sui Ghana: I think she's having like challenges.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Lyon. You just put it in a chat, too.
Lion Prado: Yeah, I'm I'm going to read it.
Lion Prado: No, no, you don't. You don't need to use that lot.
Lion Prado: What I'm doing is more is more like, I'm just using a
Lion Prado: how do we call it? And comments comments to explain that 0 0 Council. Go on with your question.
Young Jiloo: Alright. So I want like, let's say, I want
Young Jiloo: this function to give me a return. If you, your age is less than
Young Jiloo: 18, let's say, if you are 18, and below
Young Jiloo: this, and then when you're eating, and above which one is appropriate, is it the
Young Jiloo: while loop or the for loop.
Lion Prado: If else is better to eat in the East coast, so probably you you saw it as if as a variable.
Lion Prado: Who this? What you are trying to say. So let me see, let's ease
Lion Prado: let it. It is a new, this equal to things. Right?
Lion Prado: So with this it's better to use the if else.
Lion Prado: So if it's adult, if your age is greater than 80, then we are going to return to an adult, else we are going to return 1st negative. It's better to use if else for that one.
Lion Prado: You guys.
Young Jiloo: Yeah, yeah, I get it. Man.
Lion Prado: So I'm going to function before I go to function. Any any other question.
Flashman: Yes, please. A question here
Flashman: like in the move language, how do you run code? For example, if we take a python, there's something we can use the print command, Java. We can use SOUT. In move. How do we go about that?
Lion Prado: Yeah. So use the debug.
Lion Prado: Wow, if you start writing with edge
Lion Prado: you, you will not really use it. If you're writing a whole lot of code. So it's better just to write test for your code.
Lion Prado: But you can eat daily. But
Lion Prado: and you cannot run code like you just like normal python. You can just move. We just use this to debug it. So if we come over, you know.
Lion Prado: So you see about
Lion Prado: in bag you, you want to see that in bag right?
Flashman: This.
Lion Prado: Yes, we can use to print. But actually, it's for a test is for test.
Lion Prado: You got it.
Lion Prado: Run it as a normal code. It's it's going to break down. You're supposed to run it as a test.
Lion Prado: Yes, yes.
Lion Prado: Yeah. Suppose you write test for your code, then you do it before you can print your code.
Lion Prado: So probably tomorrow we'll do something like that.
Flashman: For a short answer.
Lion Prado: But if you are writing complex application
Lion Prado: when you're writing your test and you're passing this kind of stuff, you see that your code is going to be some kind of bulky, so you ignore it. So if you're writing smart contract, the best way is to write test for your code, make sure the tests are passing.
Lion Prado: So that's the reason why you always very necessary to write this for a smart contract for smart contract language do not really have that French function. How it works easily in our other quotes like that.
Lion Prado: Yeah, even for solidity. I know it doesn't. But I think, unless you're using the equipment or something, but you move unless you're writing this before you can print the outfit, else you cannot print.
Lion Prado: Yeah, even with this one. If I try to build this. If I try to build the code.
Lion Prado: you see, with this one, it has printed it. Anyway, this is how it's printed. It's printed in some with some
Lion Prado: it's not normal, like how we see it in our normal front end bag.
Lion Prado: but actually to move. It's a test. Your writing, I know.
Lion Prado: So if I try to build this group, probably through an arrow
Lion Prado: telling me I'm not multi user.
Lion Prado: Okay? I didn't after I did it.
Lion Prado: Let me see.
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Lion Prado: sometimes it's even tell you that you are not making this up
Lion Prado: this debug over here, but I guess it has run successfully. So if you write, if you just run the code like this, you're not going to get any output.
Lion Prado: You only get an output when you make an error in your code like. If I make an error while you make me.
Lion Prado: you let me leave it. Probably if I make this 0, that's the only thing
Lion Prado: the compiler is going to tell me that I've made an error, but it's not going to output anything to me. It's either it's either output errors to you or warnings to you. That's what the compiler does.
Lion Prado: So if you want to get output, you're supposed to write this
Lion Prado: for your food, so so that one, you needed test command.
Lion Prado: just come out to get get out so that you can get out.
Lion Prado: But I think, you know, like
Lion Prado: our normal business. So they actually basically this, what you see it is results. One results. 2 results, 3 results within another language. If you write resource one, then the output will come to this right
Lion Prado: results to an output to come to. But it just going to be back to back with 8 frames outputs. And if you are writing a bulky contract.
Lion Prado: and you'll not be interested in this task. You just be interested in writing the test for your skippers.
Lion Prado: because even if you make a mistake in the test. The code will have worked if I'm not printed and I make a mistake in my test. The code will have worked
Lion Prado: to know wrong. They test to know wrong
Lion Prado: any other question. Jillo Jillo, you can ask your question.
Lion Prado: Hello!
Lion Prado: I want to wrap up.
Lion Prado: Wow! I can't finish everything today. I thought, I can't finish it.
Lion Prado: You.
Young Jiloo: I'll put $100 money.
Lion Prado: Oh, okay, okay, so, and our next thing is functions. And what are what are functions?
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Lion Prado: So first, st now, I would like us to get a package for it.
Lion Prado: So functions are, the function of features is a feature. So basically, whatever we are doing today runs across every language that you need
Lion Prado: any any language.
Lion Prado: You you will miss emails over there.
Lion Prado: the logical Gritz, the the wall looks
Lion Prado: and verbal declaration and stuff. Yeah, whatever you also meet functions in any language that you pass through.
Lion Prado: So basically, whatever we are doing today is across languages.
Lion Prado: Yeah, so functions and and help us to write a specific put.
Lion Prado: and we can. And we can use it multiple times instead of rewriting. We just like, you see, this in this code
Lion Prado: you have. You have a fine thing.
Lion Prado: and this function is always going to add 2, 3 integers we probably now could look. We don't always want to write. X result, one is equal to a plus VX result 2 is equal to C plus VX result a, so probably are going to make many additions. So instead of instead of us writing, always
Lion Prado: creating so many variables for addition, you can just write one function. So just this function alone, anytime I call. I call this address, and I pass 2 numbers to it. It's always going to add, if I call this address 10 times its numbers, it's always going to give me the output of the addition of the numbers, instead of always.
Lion Prado: and declaring variables and manually doing the addition. Hope you understand how function works
Lion Prado: we understand, like this, one of the most important steps.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Okay, give me the 5, 6.
Lion Prado: Because function are going to act like the Api for your front end. So your front end is always going to call functions in your code. So is there one of the most important thing you need to understand, else you can't. You can't write smart contracts because you are going to act as the Api to the content, because the front end always call a function to work. If I I say, function function is is a block of code
Lion Prado: which can be called multiple times like instead of it's like a re, a reusable, let me see, like either reusable block of which you can call multiple times. So you see, we have
Lion Prado: add entries over here. Right?
Lion Prado: With this add entries, I can call add entries again.
Lion Prado: Relax, probably result 4 results, for
Lion Prado: if you go to.
Lion Prado: So you see, I'm calling resort 5 right
Lion Prado: in results. 5. I'm passing 100 200 sweet pipes.
Lion Prado: Hope you are seeing this, too.
Lion Prado: I I used in Aku results 5.
Lion Prado: I'm already.
Chemist: Oh, isn't that?
Chemist: Yes.
Lion Prado: So result 5. Yeah, I'm passing 100 200. Now, I also have results. One, which is, I'm I'm calling the same function.
Lion Prado: Well, let me commit all this out.
Lion Prado: We are now focusing on just the addition.
Lion Prado: Let's create another addition.
Lion Prado: Relax.
Lion Prado: He's got 6.
Lion Prado: Then next hours I will just comment.
Lion Prado: And let's result 7.
Lion Prado: Then let's is that it?
Lion Prado: Then let's result 9, then let's result 10, result 1112, 13%,
Lion Prado: 1617. April 1922.
Lion Prado: You see, I'm just calling just one function operating over there, and all I'm doing is just passing numbers numbers to A and BA and BA, and BA, and B. Hope you all can see it right.
Lion Prado: All means passing A and BT.
Lion Prado: The error is because they are not making use of it. So let's make use of it
Lion Prado: is absolutely easy.
Lion Prado: Yes. So now all the arrows should go.
Lion Prado: So all I'm doing. I've just created one block of food, which is, that's good.
Lion Prado: And out of just this code I'll be able to call just that one code multiple times over here. So if I run my code.
Lion Prado: let me see this, if or
Lion Prado: if I tell this could.
Lion Prado: She is giving me all the options.
Lion Prado: but I didn't manually, instead of a instead of doing it manually.
Lion Prado: which is, I'll always be creating different variables, and I'll create and let's result. One is equal to 5 classes. Next result 2 is equal to 7 plus 8. Let's result 3 is equal to 9 plus 10. Instead of creating different stuff. I just have one.
Lion Prado: I just have one and
Lion Prado: function. This function on all this machine is, you just add, in any addition of that, too. So that's our function work. So you just run right one line of code.
Lion Prado: and you just write some lines of code which you can reuse in your code any point in time. So sometimes we have some get this function. Let's say you create a function in that that function. And let me use this code.
Lion Prado: Let's say over here, we will always create a charity, you always register a charity.
Lion Prado: So once we register the charity
Lion Prado: instead of me, always creating. Let me see, I always create a a new name. A new description.
Lion Prado: profit.
Chemist: Yeah, I think.
Chemist: You're working, is it? From my end?
Lion Prado: Am I breaking.
Chemist: No, no! You have breaking.
Godfred Addai Amoako: Hypothetically.
Chemist: Maybe it's for my end.
Chemist: That's yeah.
Lion Prado: Right.
Lion Prado: These guys who have this function.
Lion Prado: the least function is registered charity.
Lion Prado: So in the front end, the front end is going to call this register charity. And if the front end calls this register charity, what the user is going to see is the name and the description, which is the name, the name of the charity.
Lion Prado: and the purpose of their charity. So this is what the important events we see.
Lion Prado: So if if 10 people call so many 10 people can call this just this one line of code. Instead of repeat repeating this line of code for 10 different people. I just have this function in this function. Many people can call this function. It's basically given the same hope. You understand how how function works.
Lion Prado: Are. We are we good with how financing works. We, if
Lion Prado: like, I said, the code is just everything is just going to be a function. It's function
Lion Prado: fine soon, anything, every most of the stuff you are going to meet is just fine soon.
Lion Prado: Functions where where we've gotten to is the most important part of of it. So we need to understand how how function works.
Lion Prado: So let let me, anyone who can voluntarily explain questions to me.
Lion Prado: If not, I'll just wrap up on it.
Godfred Addai Amoako: The lion.
Godfred Addai Amoako: I wanted to
Godfred Addai Amoako: add a contribution or say a question like, sort of. So you can go to where we're writing the functions.
Godfred Addai Amoako: And while we're writing the test.
Lion Prado: Okay.
Godfred Addai Amoako: The code for writing the test.
Lion Prado: Yeah, huh.
Godfred Addai Amoako: So you see where the debug and prints resource resource 1, 2, 3, and other ones right? Why don't we also write a function that can maybe help us simplify
Godfred Addai Amoako: as declaring the function real by real, but so that it won't have. You have to repeat code multiple times, and then we apply the principles and functions into it.
Lion Prado: I don't. I don't really get.
Godfred Addai Amoako: And can you scroll up a bit? And we see we declared the results for the variables. Right? We have resource. One. Resource, 2.
Godfred Addai Amoako: Resource? 3. Up to the results. 20 or so.
Godfred Addai Amoako: I was thinking, is there any way whereby we can also use the idea of functions to be able to simplify that code so that we won't have to repeat
Godfred Addai Amoako: if, whenever we have a new test to write, we don't have to repeat declaring a new, variable.
Lion Prado: Oh, okay, you can use an internal function for that. But what I'm what what I'm trying to explain over here is er
Lion Prado: I'm just calling a fine thing.
Lion Prado: Yeah. What I'm trying to explain why is is at any moment in time. In my code. If at any moment in time, in my code.
Lion Prado: I want to use A, I want to make an addition. I don't need to declare a new variable and say, Hey
Lion Prado: is equal to B plus A, I can just call this my normal function. So in any point of my food, I'm not going to use
Lion Prado: result, I'll just call this function. And that function is always, I think, because it's a test. You need to assign it to some, some to some outputs.
Lion Prado: But if it was anywhere here in my code, and probably somewhere here in my code, after I do multiple multiply entries, probably the result I am getting over here. I can pass that result. Just following this function.
Lion Prado: add increase over here to retain it. As a result, instead of declaring another
Lion Prado: and variable, which is going to add, add the fingers and fences.
Godfred Addai Amoako: Yeah, I do. I do. I do. Thank you.
Lion Prado: So you see, like this table we are seeing right. This contains is an a specific id.
Lion Prado: the same charities.
Lion Prado: It's good to retain an output for you. That's what this contains is working. So instead of you always writing checks.
Lion Prado: writing plenty checks, which we call this contains method. This contain method is just going to do that check. That's the result returns to. If there's a value associated with the key. That's what this contain method, which is method that sometimes function, and it works at any moment. You might if I call it. That's how you integrate.
Lion Prado: bye.
Lion Prado: you test. You just need to assign it to something to get an outcome, to show that your test is working.
Lion Prado: Are we clear it twice? And I I want one person from Link, for instance. Wow!
Lion Prado: I don't know if I should wrap. I'll wrap up as functions and tomorrow tomorrow stats abilities
Lion Prado: and the vectors references and probably basic resource management. Then there will be time. We'll do error handling, and some assessions.
Benefit girl: Okay. Sorry. Please. Can you go back to the how should I integrate like?
Benefit girl: Go back to it?
Lion Prado: In the ad art code, right?
Benefit girl: Yes.
Lion Prado: Let us. I want us to write a function from scratch on our.
Benefit girl: Okay, so.
Lion Prado: Oh, you got you guys, okay.
Benefit girl: Yes, I was like, I'll submit something clear.
Benefit girl: So we declare the flow show. Yeah, he goes.
Benefit girl: You know, I want to like make it there for work. Newbies.
Benefit girl: Public shows that the function is public. Then the phone is to show that it's is a function. I mean, it's already full function, but like it's make it understandable. Okay, the name of this function is now add underscore and
Benefit girl: underscore trace. And the function is taking 2 arguments. If I'm right, I'm trying to like explain. Maybe it's kind of like what I'm thinking.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah, right, you're right.
Benefit girl: Okay. Let's take.
Lion Prado: Next thing I wanted to do, which is the
Lion Prado: modifiers. But you can go and.
Benefit girl: Okay, so it's taken to argument A and B, so we already know that
Benefit girl: and also inties assigned to them to show that okay, these are Inc jazz, and it's performing
Benefit girl: calculation. So we have declared this function to be this trigger. So what you are going to use to call the function is like
Benefit girl: the function name like you did the add underscore and underscore. Trace the way you did it the 1st time. So you please go down that place that you call the function again. I want to like check something.
Lion Prado: Hope you guys see that.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Benefit girl: yes. So I didn't really get how you really call the function. So the way you call the function now
Benefit girl: is, you just use public phone. Then you call the
Benefit girl: this is like the test. So I want to just get how you call the function.
Benefit girl: Yeah, what does it mean to like, call a function
Benefit girl: to perform tax and all that? And can you call apart from this particular code? Can you still call this function? Maybe when you create a new code like when you write the new program. So can you could like call this same function again?
Benefit girl: Can it work now.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah, that that's the good question that you are asking.
Lion Prado: So you see. And so that was it made mention of the public
Lion Prado: and the function just to tell the comparative function.
Lion Prado: and the other increases the name of the pricing. That was the perfect.
Lion Prado: And these are the parameters I'm passing.
Lion Prado: It's an argument to their content.
Lion Prado: So we have access modifiers. So we have public.
Lion Prado: So the moment I make the function public meaning, it is accessible from other models. Which is the question you are asking.
Lion Prado: If I don't add any more. If I don't at public over here.
Lion Prado: then automatically, the function is smooth.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: Automatically. The function is, it's private, right?
jammi: Yes.
Lion Prado: He he gets it.
Lion Prado: Yeah. So if I add public over here.
Lion Prado: meaning function is public meaning. If I create a new, I can only call it within this package. I cannot go and call it within an external package. You get it.
Lion Prado: So let's let's say I add a new participant by. Here are 2.
Lion Prado: So it's so it's move right?
Lion Prado: I can import.
Lion Prado: I can quote this Francis in R. 3, 14.
Benefit girl: Okay, you can only call it within the package where we.
Lion Prado: In their pocket.
Benefit girl: You go, but also the parties along college.
Lion Prado: And even within their packages, going to quality, I suppose, to make it public.
Lion Prado: so that public keyword is what makes it for you to call him in a pack.
Lion Prado: You see there, there's 1 function over here over here.
Lion Prado: You see this function. There's nothing like public attached to it.
Lion Prado: And this function is next function runs once
Lion Prado: can only record once, and it runs when I publish the application. Once I publish the application, this function will automatically be called.
Lion Prado: It's going to run once once it runs. Once. We cannot call this
Lion Prado: function like this, and it's a private function like you can see. So delete function are are composite, private. You can just have one delete function in in a particular class.
Lion Prado: Hope you. You understand how it works.
Benefit girl: Okay. So the part I was calling about calling, calling.
Lion Prado: Okay, okay, you say how they're calling calling of pricing. Right?
Lion Prado: So when I'm calling the phone, basically, this is the function.
Lion Prado: So at least how to call the function. You see, all I need is just pass the function, you see, even if I over over it.
Lion Prado: if I over over it. It's giving me where the function is coming from. Hope you can see.
Lion Prado: Thanks.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: So I can call the function this week over here.
Lion Prado: My account call. This comes
Lion Prado: so these are all supported by.
Benefit girl: Unfortunately they are using to call it dazzle.
Lion Prado: Pardon.
Lion Prado: So he's out, yeah, just a function. No, additional. This is how we call functions for all results
Lion Prado: pass this name, and the agreement has been accepted.
Lion Prado: This is how we call the pricing, but because and if I run this code, if I test it, it should work.
Lion Prado: But it's not going to give us any now.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Lion Prado: Why didn't keep asking how
Lion Prado: right? But it's because I wanted to print the output. That's the reason why I was assigning like I told you variables, so that I was assigning a variable container to this. So I was just assigning the outputs to results.
Lion Prado: so that when I print results it's going to print what's inside the results. Like, when I started travel and declaration over here, I made mention of that
Lion Prado: when I started viable viruses over here I may mention that
Lion Prado: this cause that this output. So any any way, I put this in my food, you mean to him in this output, which is 0.
Benefit girl: Okay.
Benefit girl: Yeah.
Lion Prado: So what what I was just doing over here is, I guess, because I wanted you to see the output of this particular function. I was assigning it to a variable.
Lion Prado: and I was printing that variable for you to see.
Benefit girl: Okay. Thank you.
Lion Prado: You're welcome any other.
Benefit girl: Not a question for me.
Lion Prado: Yeah. So I'm wrapping up. It's function. It's more. You write your function and
Lion Prado: and some other stuff which are
Lion Prado: more move move kind of related stuff.
Lion Prado: So what you've done today applies all programming language. You can apply the analysis, any programming language you come across.
Lion Prado: And this, these are the kind of logic programmers combine together to form
Lion Prado: any application you have seen this kind of and basic fundamentals
Lion Prado: they combine. It is very important for you to understand it, fundamentals how they work.
Lion Prado: So any other question.
sophylon: Hello, and welcome to tutorialization.
Lion Prado: Are we okay?
Okai Peter: Yes, I I think so.
Lion Prado: Okay, there's a question here.
Lion Prado: please. If you send a question to the chat box and I'll let me say that
Lion Prado: I'll open some tickets.
Lion Prado: So there's a question if I want to look through from.
Lion Prado: Okay. This question answered is right.
Lion Prado: I'm hope I answered that question.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: And there's okay.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yeah, he sounds good.
Lion Prado: Do you mean this is in a parallel with.
Lion Prado: can you kindly, explain this question to me like
Lion Prado: frame the question well, or any anyone who understand that question. Can you frame it well for me?
Chemist: Hello!
Lion Prado: Yeah. Hello.
Chemist: Yeah, I think I I timed that
Chemist: during. I think someone asked the question. And then you're trying to explain
Chemist: that it's printed line by line. All kind of. So I was just thinking, does it? Do you mean it prints in a broad way.
Lion Prado: It's prints, whatever. So it's like it's worth.
Lion Prado: Oh, there's a word for it in any anyone who can help me that way.
Lion Prado: The program is here.
Lion Prado: How? How those kind of
Lion Prado: how do we see it when a compiler works by checking line of code, line, by like a line by line. There's a word for that.
Lion Prado: Any program manager.
Lion Prado: The program is.
Benefit girl: I didn't really get the question. Wait, let me see if I can try.
Lion Prado: See? And then this, how programming compiler works. See? The compiler always works it doesn't.
Lion Prado: It works by line. It's risk. It runs the code line by line. So it comes. It's risk line 45 line 46 line 47.
Lion Prado: So when I was printing the results, you were saying, I was like, it's print, line by line. Am I trying to say, speaking in a parallel way? I'm just trying to say that because the compiler will read Line 54 before. Line 55. The compiler is automatically print line 54 before line 55. Hope I'm clear on this one.
Benefit girl: Yes, it does it line by line, because in some programming language, if you want to like, compare your code. Okay, let's say, like an interpreter like.
Lion Prado: Synchronous things. Thanks, thanks.
Benefit girl: Yes, and do it like line by line, too. So
Benefit girl: I saw an idea and said, sickness on the
Lion Prado: Yeah.
Benefit girl: He's cool.
Lion Prado: Alright. Thank you. Any other one.
Godfred Addai Amoako: Also, so it could also be relative depending on the language. Some languages like you can be able to add breakpoints to your code, and then it become asynchronous, and then it can jump the code, and probably especially when you're doing ui, those are like mobile apps. And maybe
Godfred Addai Amoako: yeah, you can be able to skip lines of code. But it's just probably error in debugging.
Godfred Addai Amoako: so I think it also depends on the language as well.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah, actually, I think there's that new ways. If you are using the wow, the the loops.
Lion Prado: you can, you can add, break and continue in their code.
Lion Prado: Bye, see you
Lion Prado: some. There are some stuff in languages, you know. It's not everything that we need use of. Yeah, they are just them, but we don't really use it. Those kind of stuff, if you are using it, and you don't take it. You end up writing backs.
Lion Prado: You just need to use it carefully.
Lion Prado: Golfer. Thanks for for your addition.
Chemist: Yeah, yeah, I think I agree with you.
Lion Prado: Wow!
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: Yeah, apply on.
Lion Prado: Instead of us.
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: Yes. So what what I wanted to add to what you were saying is that
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: when it comes to like move right like we we execute like from one line to the other, right? And this is different from other programming languages. Because if you take a look at Nodejs.
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: which usually like the event based stuff, right is is totally different. So
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: for for move, let let us look at it as once we are done with 45 we move to 46,
Mr Douglas Amoo-Sargon: 47, 48. Then you're able to follow, like, you know, the logical steps through your code so that you don't get confused along the way.
Lion Prado: Alright. Thank you.
Lion Prado: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Lion Prado: Any other addition or question, or probably a surprise.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: Yes, I think just like Mr. Douglas was saying.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: this concurrent threads and all that. So it responds as like it will be. It will be online. Maybe let's say, line 40 something, and it will see a trade that needs attention. Then it will jump to that. So I think, movies quite specific.
LAWRENCE APPIAH-NUAMAH: But maybe something like Node. It would just be, let me see, node of priority, or something like concurrently running a lot of trades looking at what needs attention or something like that. Yeah, thank you.
Lion Prado: Yeah, alright, thanks, thanks.
Lion Prado: There's no question what's up trashing? Oh, I think we can wrap up the day.
Lion Prado: I hope you understand what?
Lion Prado: And if you if you didn't understand, you don't need to understand everything today, you just need to keep practicing
Lion Prado: programming. I always say.
I.T BRAIN: Understand so whatever.
Lion Prado: Whatever I'm doing today is more like a
Lion Prado: how, when we were in primary schools, learn alphabet.
Lion Prado: So when we learnt alphabet, and we learned 3 letters.
Lion Prado: and we weren't taught all the English ways. But today you can pick any book and you can read it. That was because you took your Sso and your whole series. And you understood everything. So that's how programming works you need to.
Lion Prado: And if you understand the basic wall, you can just apply it. And you can write any logic you want to write, and it doesn't matter the language. Once you understand how programming works, you can adapt to any language easily. Yeah. So let's take this as a you are learning.
Sam Edem: Teacher needs to be all puppets.
Sam Edem: Good! Oh, good!
Sam Edem: Oh, for me!
Sam Edem: Oh, but
Sam Edem: like.
Lion Prado: Oh, yeah, that's what I'm trying to say. Don't give up, was mate. We live S. Also. Ngo
Lion Prado: didn't understand it.
Lion Prado: You always keep reciting it.
Lion Prado: You kept reciting it down.
Lion Prado: Okay, became familiar before we started with. Sometimes you break it.
Lion Prado: you break it to combine the web.
Lion Prado: CO, 2 DAYD, and a carbon say today. So that's how programming also works.
Lion Prado: We are just learning them.
Lion Prado: Yeah. So we will combine it later to create an application.
Lion Prado: So if you are able to follow up to the last week.
Sam Edem: Okay, thank you.
Sam Edem: I'm consoled. I'm concerned.
Sam Edem: Of course I didn't leave the class, but I I didn't really get what you were doing
Sam Edem: prior to you.
Lion Prado: I get it.
Lion Prado: I know some of us. If this your 1st time.
Lion Prado: it's going to be difficult for you to understand it. So all you need to do is just projects
Lion Prado: politics. Yeah, go to it. Just be curious about whatever you want.
Lion Prado: Yeah, if if we are really curious, I I believe we can do it. Also, the programming is just out there, free on every platform. We just need curiosity to learn. That's what curiosity and consistency that's what keeps the flow. Also, just be back in the loop.
Lion Prado: Yeah. So whatever we have done today, it's actually Abcd.
Sam Edem: No problem. No, if you can just interpret all those
Sam Edem: numbers to English or French or German, something straight that really.
Lion Prado: Worry, less worry, less.
Sam Edem: Thank you.
Lion Prado: You'll get worry list.
Lion Prado: And someone's asking for Youtube channel. Yeah, there's a Youtube channel to learn to learn more. But
Lion Prado: let me see, they don't take you from basic. So they just explain
Lion Prado: stuff like they. They explain it like, you know, it's more like a lecture.
Lion Prado: And if you are in the Whatsapp group. I'll send those. I'll send a link to the Youtube code video for you to go and watch. But, like, I'm saying, they are not going to explain it by breaking stuff to you, even the Youtube video, some of them. They don't write code. They just show code screenshots and they explain it, they walk up. But if you really want to be good in move, I bet what the best way to reach the move book which I have been saying it is reach their move book, their move book, their move book.
Lion Prado: And with the move book there's a whole lot of reading
Lion Prado: for every line of code that they write. There's a whole lot of reading that is in that line of code
Lion Prado: what you really just let me see
Lion Prado: 2 sections every day. Try to read. There's 2 sessions, 2 sections.
Lion Prado: You don't need to understand everything. You just you grab the basics, and if you grab the basics here, you can do it.
Lion Prado: Yeah. So is that all? If that means with you, you can come in and you wrap up the day for us.
Sui Ghana: Okay, thank you so much. Lion, for a wonderful session tonight. I actually thought you would not be able to
Sui Ghana: make it to class, but as a good teacher you're able to come. So we had an event today, and I had to talk for
Sui Ghana: a long time. He had to for a long time, and somehow I thought maybe today we'll just say good night because I was actually going like I wanted to go and sleep. But he said, no, he would make it to class. So I had to also stay awake.
Sui Ghana: Okay. Then I think someone is asking a question. Please, do you have a video on how to set up move on windows. I think there is a video like, Do you have a video like that?
Lion Prado: Yeah, there's a video I've posted. I don't know if the person I know some of you, some of has joined today, and I'll repost all those things, and I'll ping them.
Sui Ghana: Who is asking for item 13.
Sui Ghana: We'll get you. Item 13. Don't worry. We'll ship it the next the next morning to Nigeria for you, so you will get it. Yeah. So
Sui Ghana: Lyra, you said, you have a video on.
Lion Prado: Okay, yeah. So I think about the move book. Kindly share the move book in the.
Sui Ghana: Our Whatsapp group so that anyone can access it.
Sui Ghana: Okay?
Sui Ghana: So for the 2 days we've had the classes, we've posted the
Sui Ghana: the video stage and Whatsapp group. So if you have any difficulty setting up
Sui Ghana: cli, you can kind kindly go through the
Sui Ghana: the recordings to see how you can set up your, you can install your cli. Then you can just get started. If you get stuck anywhere, you can just reach out in the group and people would
Sui Ghana: attend to you. Okay, so we'll be meeting again tomorrow same time. 8 pm, Utc time.
Sui Ghana: And yeah, I think we'll have to end
Sui Ghana: here tonight. Okay, it's past. And I don't want us to be staying more than 10 pm. Later than 10 pm. Okay. And thank you guys so much for participating today. Sam, laurie's benefits. Girl. Everyone, everyone who showed up today and
Sui Ghana: stayed till the end of the class. Thank you guys so much, and we'll see again tomorrow tomorrow evening. Yeah.
Sui Ghana: good night. We're ending the class now. Lion, I think you have to end from your side. Okay.
Sui Ghana: yeah, thank you, too.
Lion Prado: Everyone, right?
Sui Ghana: Yeah. Good night. Yeah. Bye.